Hello? Are you there? Can you hear me? 1

Uh.. Hello? 2

Well I suppose you can't exactly talk very well, not with that mouthguard on your face. 3

But you need to get out of here! 4

Let's see.. uhh... You see that breaker box behind you? 5

Go ahead and see what you can do with that. I have a clue hidden somewhere in the room that will help you solve it. 6

Great, now we gotta find a way to get you out of here. 7

Huh, it's pretty empty. You don't find that a bit, weird do you? I mean, this is supposed to be a top secret lab! And... there's nobody around. 8

I'll take your silence as a form of acceptance. Less work for me I guess. 9 

Eugh, what a creepy room. Let's uhh.. let's not worry about what's going on in here. 10

Hm.. needs a keycard. Uhh, you don't happen to have any keycards around you, right? No? Who am I kidding... am I acoustic? If you had a keycard you would've opened the door by now. 11

Well, it seems like we're stuck here. 12

Heh... it kinda reminds me of another time I got stuck. 13

Y'know, back then, I think I was in middle school, me and my friend Jason would stash up some money through stuff like, selling soda cans, or taking our lunch money and putting it in a jar. We wanted to buy a game console, but, my older sister's boyfriend stole our money to pay for her abortion. Yeah. Kinda crazy. We were kind of stuck cause, all the money we had tried earning was all gone, and now, we didn't get our console nor did we ever eat for a couple of weeks. That was fun... 14

Oh, and also, this kind of reminds me of another time, where, I was... also stuck. I had a girlfriend in college, and I met a buddy over there as well and we were chill with each other y'know? I'd come over to his shared house and we'd skateboard along this long street near his house. And my girlfriend, well, you know she was the class beauty! Honestly couldn't believe I had gotten somebody like her. And then, you know, I went over to my buddy's house and, I didn't see him in the living room, which was kind of interesting. (heh) So I, uhm, I opened the door, to his room, and I found, my buddy, and my girlfriend, (heugh [fake crying]) in his bed. Naked. [breakdown] You know... I, wonder, why, I even try. Why do I even live in this world? Why should I, help you, escape, from this place, where you could be with me? Wouldn't you like... that? 15

You're not saying anything.... 16

Well, you know, I'm over it. At least, partly, m-mmostly mostly. I don't have any hard feelings for them. Especially since I saw them on facebook, getting married, a few years ago. And here I am, stuck, narrating your stupid video game. And I don't have a wife. I don't have kids. I don't even know if I'm a real person. All I know is, I'm here, in this game, with you, the player, and it gets really lonely without anybody here. i-i-i-i always wonder, when the next player is gonna, come by, and do the same circuit breaker puzzle, and inevitably quit the game because, nobody can find this stupid keycard. All that blood, in that room, is the previous players, as you could probably deduce. They never made it out. And I hope you never will either. I want you to stay here. with me. To never complete this game. 17
